There's a lonely vintage
Aching in my chest…
Love. it's a feeling
that lets me know that she's the one.
You ain't in my sight line
I'm very ready for marriage.
That's my M.O.
Ride or die. my wife for life.
He's my soulmate.
I love him with all my heart.
But he isn't ready to get married.
It's been four years.
Like. marry me or move on.
Could give me everything
But it ain't enough…
There's a lot at stake.
We're really putting
our relationship on the line.
I definitely don't want to lose her.
but is the grass greener?
I'm curious to figure it out.
Gonna have a good time. good time…
-Do you kiss with eyes open or closed?
-Closed.
It is insane
that I'm dating five other guys.
Go!
Choosing her is a really big decision
that would change
the course of my life forever.
Thank you.
Someone I met a week ago
is fulfilling the needs that I'm missing.
Is it scary? Absolutely.
You're looking real good tonight. baby.
Coming to this experience.
I'm the one that needs to seek answers.
-We look good together.
-Yeah.
I'm ready to get married.
and I'm looking for someone
who's ready now.
-You're in my frickin' head.
-Oh. we are sharing a brain cell.
To our trial marriage.
Sun's out. buns out?
-Yeah.
-All right.
I can see myself
marrying someone like Monica.
You want to make out or what?
I'll figure out if we're not supposed to
spend the rest of our lives together.
We could not leave here together.
There's something that did happen.
you know?
In all fairness.
I need that physical intimacy.
Shit is about to go down.
His manipulative behavior is disgusting.
It's appalling.
If you love me.
why are you saying those things?
You straight-up lied to my face.
over and over and over!
-Shut the fuck up and listen to me!
-Stop talking to her like that.
I'm questioning
everything about our relationship.
I am going to defend myself. period.
Damage has been done.
This needs to be a massive wake-up call.
You should never be spoken to that way.
Wow.
We're gonna ask you
to leave the experience.
I'm so ready to be done with this.
There's an obvious risk
issuing the Ultimatum.
but in my opinion. it's worth it.
I'll get the answers I need.
Can't put a price on the human touch…
I am giving my boyfriend an Ultimatum.
If he does not want to get married.
I got to go.
-Hi.
Ashley. nice to meet you.
-David.
-David?
-Hello.
-Hi!
-Good evening. guys.
-Hi. everyone.
-How is everybody?
-Welcome.
I'm Vanessa Lachey.
I'm Nick Lachey.
And this is The Ultimatum.
You love me to Heaven
Love me to Heaven. babe
-Welcome. guys.
-Yeah!
Each of you have arrived here
as part of a couple.
Someone in the relationship
has issued an Ultimatum.
One of you is ready to be married.
and the other one is not so ready… yet.
Show of hands.
Who here is receiving the Ultimatum?
Jessica Grace. the time is now.
-It was yesterday.
-Yesterday?
We both want kids. and for me.
marriage has to come before that.
And when I think about
my dad's health being what it is.
I definitely want him to be around
for some of those big moments.
Again. time is of the essence.
You know.
I have three promise rings from him.
And I told him. the last promise ring.
I was running out of finger space. so…
David. three promise rings.
Just promise to love her forever.
you know?
Promise to be her man and just. you know.
take care of her.
provide for her. protect her.
Three times.
Three times. Hey. gotta remind her.
-Reassuring.
Monica. what do you think it is
that's holding you up
from taking this leap of faith with him?
For me. there's certain steps in my mind
that I need to take before I marry.
That's having my career in line.
my finances in line.
Because if I'm being honest.
I'm a high-maintenance girly.
I have a lot that I want out of life.
I first met Monica when I was 14.
She lived down the street from me.
And then it was during COVID
when we re-met.
And I was just blown away.
I had that movie moment.
The lights came down.
her hair blew in the wind.
and I was shell-shocked.
I told her.
"You get prettier every time I see you."
She friend-zoned me for a while.
He's the lover boy.
He's the romantic one. He knew right away.
Our connection is unreal.
I truly believe I would die without her.
To me. marriage means more
than just being in love with somebody.
I'm not the type of person
to just fall in love
and then run to the altar.
All of you are about to have
a once-in-a-lifetime experience.
And in that experience.
you'll explore two different versions
of what your married life could be like.
And if you're still not ready
to marry your current partner.
chances are they may find
someone else who is.
Blake.
you've given Hayley
the Ultimatum. correct?
I have.
I feel like I'm ready for marriage now.
I've had the opportunity
to check a couple personal items
off my bucket list.
And I think that's the next logical step.
One of my goals is to have a.
you know. big family.
You know. a family of five.
Like. five. six max.
But Blake and I are kind of fire and ice
because Blake's very practical.
I'm spicy.
-And Blake's like. ugh.
-My favorite is when hands start to clap.
Absolutely not.
Or. like. something like that. Yeah.
Blake is amazing.
and he has so much to offer.
But whenever it comes
to my emotional needs.
some things aren't being met.
I've discussed this many times.
and it's not being fixed.
That's why I'm not just ready
to jump right into marriage.
Blake. would you say you'd be willing
to walk away if she says no?
I think that after this experience.
if you don't have a clear answer as to
what you want out of our relationship.
I'd have to walk away.
Ashley. you issued
the Ultimatum to Killian.
Yes. I'm a Southern Texas girl.
I grew up. everyone gets married. engaged.
has kids right out of high school.
and I was just raised that way.
I want a family of my own.
I mean. we've known each other
for over 14 years now.
We met through competitive cheerleading.
I had a little crush on Killian.
so I'd. uh. post him
as my Man Crush Monday.
It was a thing in cheerleading
to take. like. kissing pictures together.
-She forced me to.
-No. he wanted to.
We've lived together for four years.
We have two dogs together.
Our entire lives are like co-mingled.
I just can't continue
if he's not on the same page as I am.
He was at some point ready.
He actually asked my dad for my hand.
So it's kind of confusing because
why were you ready at some point.
but now you're not?
We just had a family altercation
between her father and I.
And it upset him.
and it started to make me think.
"Is this something that would happen
down the road consistently?"
My family is super close-knit.
I'm daddy's little girl.
You know I've always wanted a big family.
or I like being around
big families like yours.
But are we gonna have
to have our own separate life
just due to not knowing
if her family truly accepts me for me?
It's tricky. those dynamics.
because you're not just marrying
the person with you.
You're marrying into their family.
and they into yours.
-Oh. he knows.
-Those are all stresses.
Those emotions are all very. very real.
Tonight is your last night
together as a couple.
Tomorrow. you will accept the Ultimatum.
You will break up.
and you will become exes.
You will date
each of your new potential partners
who are standing right here.
And in one week.
you'll all be back here for The Choice.
You'll each choose a partner
who you think has all of the qualities
that you see in your spouse.
You'll move in together
for a three-week Trial Marriage.
And then you'll do it all over again
with the person
you're standing next to right now.
At the end of this.
you'll leave here either engaged.
alone.
or possibly in love with someone new.
An engagement ring is a traditional sign
of your commitment to marriage.
We are providing
a selection of engagement rings
that you may use if you choose to propose
when the Ultimatum comes to term.
You know what I want.
-They're all the same size.
-No fighting.
Choosing someone to commit to life with
is one of the biggest decisions
that you will ever make.
Ultimately. we want you
to make the right decision.
but with the right person.
We will see you all again in one week
for a very important decision
at The Choice.
Until then. cheers to love. guys.
Cheers to love.
You got one life. so own it
You gotta seize the day
This is your moment…
-There we go. Come on.
-Let's do it.
I love Jessica as much as I possibly can.
but. like. this experience
doesn't come without having risks.
There is possibilities out there.
Ashley. she's got assets
from a physical standpoint.
She's gifted in that sense.
While she's like. um…
Hold on. let me gather myself here.
I try to keep my eyes up.
But yeah. I notice she's got a bosom.
Come on. come on. come on. come on
It's all up to you…
Man. this is crazy.
This is wild.
If I'm being completely honest.
it feels scary to receive an Ultimatum.
I'm head over heels in love with Lucas.
but I have always wondered.
is the grass maybe greener
on the other side?
If I had somebody
that was a little bit more like me.
how we would do together in a marriage?
So it's something
I am constantly thinking about.
Good life. good life
La-la. da-da-da
You know the time now
We're going all out
We're gonna show the world
What you're all about
Just good. good. good. good vibes
Welcome to the good life
-Do you want to see something?
-Yeah. what you got?
-Look at that.
-That's pretty.
-It does fit.
-It does.
Look. with all the promise rings.
Wow. that is…
It just kind of cramps
the promise ring style though.
Oh my gosh. you're obnoxious.
You know why I'm not ready. right?
Yeah.
It takes time to get
where I'm able to just fully commit
and just lose that fear
of you leaving one day.
you know what I mean?
You think seeing me with someone
and then picking you in the end
would help you remove that fear?
I don't know.
I don't even want to think about that now.
It's nothing to do with you.
You know what I mean?
-Mm-hm.
-It's how I was raised.
It's tough not being able
to see a happy marriage at all.
But. you know. I still have hope.
Always have hope.
You bring light to everything. so…
-You want to be married one day. right?
-Definitely. I want to be married one day.
I want to have a big old happy family.
Some land. some horses. some cows.
-Some more doggies.
-Eighty-six chickens running around.
Eighty-six. oh my gosh.
-You know what I mean?
-Mm-hm.
Casey has every quality I can think of.
She's smart. beautiful.
hard worker. very caring. motherly.
She has it all.
Just seeing two divorced parents.
both of them remarry
and divorce two to three times.
it made me think this is
a very important decision.
and I only want to do it once.
It's a sense of pressure on my side
because you're my world. and it's like.
you're giving me an Ultimatum.
either marry you or move on.
which is wild. you know?
It's time.
We already have a dog.
We already have a house.
We already have a business.
Everything's established.
Our foundation is laid out. We're ready.
I'm ready.
You're not worried about me
developing a connection with another girl?
Of course I am.
I'm hoping and praying that we get engaged
in the end. but I'm not dumb.
I know there's a chance
that you can develop a connection
with somebody else.
-I just--
-That's a risk you're willing to take?
To be married to you. yes.
I just want you to understand
what you're bringing me into. okay?
You're bringing me into an experience
where I have to open up to other people
and be vulnerable to other people.
which isn't like-- It's not normal for me.
It's crazy. You put literally everything
we have in our life on the line right now.
Tell me you're fed up
Give it all
Oh. thanks. babe.
Oh my gosh.
Yay.
What am I going to do
without you giving me flowers
all the time?
Mm.
Guess I got to give them to someone else.
Bro…
Don't even say that.
Say you propose by the end of it.
How do you feel like
your family's going to react?
-My parents might be upset. but…
-They're going to be upset.
What are they going to say?
-Yeah.
-"Undo the marriage."
"Take it back."
Alex issued me an Ultimatum.
but my family isn't very fond of her
just because she comes
from a different background.
Sometimes it is. like. hard for me
to bring her around in an Indian setting.
I. like. worry if. like. other people
will look at her like she's an outsider.
I wish my family was
a little bit more accepting of her.
It is a… a strain on our relationship.
I just want to feel accepted. babe.
You know I'm issuing you this Ultimatum
because I'm completely ready. but…
I just wish that your family
would get to know me better.
Like. wouldn't you want
your family to be accepting…
-I do.
-…of our relationship?
I gotta accept you first before they do.
you know what I'm saying?
I can't be 50-50 with you and then…
Yeah…
Man… that's hard to hear. babe.
I'd be like… "Psyche!" Oh!
-You're rude.
-Seriously.
That wasn't even funny.
It's not that time yet.
For real. though.
That was rude.
Awkward.
Jebin is a goofy kid
who says whatever he wants.
What should we do
for our last night together?
Play some video games?
I'm very patient with him.
but Jebin does have to grow up.
Should we throw a party?
Hopefully. this experience
will make him more mature.
I want him to take it seriously.
I'm ready to get married.
My family is even asking. like.
"Okay. when's it going to happen?"
Like. "You're getting a little bit older.
I know you wanted kids earlier."
I just want to know. why aren't you ready
to get married right now after six years?
I want to be sure
that we're going to be a strong couple.
Give our child. like.
a healthy lifestyle that they deserve.
Look at you eating fries.
No second guessing
You have to be eating good.
you know what I'm saying?
-Okay. Jebin.
-Okay. hungry. hungry hippo.
So if you want me
Babe. people are going to think
you're a douchebag for real.
You better lay it on the line
I want to be clear.
If at the end of this.
you are still feeling the same way
that you do right now.
you will lose me.
You understand?
It's all or nothing
There's no in-between
No in-between
If you're gonna risk it all
-Risk it all on me
-Oh. whoa
I've just been… spiraling. basically.
And just consumed with. like.
just incredibly… negative thoughts.
I feel so uncertain
as to where I stand with you about
whether or not you want to get engaged
and get married to me.
I mean. after you broke my boundaries.
like. three. four. five. six times.
I don't know what it would take
for me to get my trust back.
It's really hard for me
to rebound from that.
-But…
-But what?
You entertaining all these dudes.
Working out with a guy.
high-fiving him. like. bumping chests.
Dude's giving you his number.
I'm supposed to think.
"Yeah. they're just friends"?
I would never intentionally orchestrate
a situation to make you jealous.
I'm. in my mind. like.
giving them the same energy
as I give people in Costco.
Jessica Grace hasn't cheated on me.
but her behavior bothers me
because Jessica has held me up
to standards
about speaking to other women.
and she doesn't. like.
reciprocate that same sort of respect.
It's scary to me
you can doubt how much I love you.
I need to know
that there is room for forgiveness.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
You wanna dance?
I felt like
A love drunk teen
Tunnel vision was so lovely
You were all my heart could see
I'm smiling so the tears won't fall
Hurting more than I ever thought
-Ugh. I'm not even hungry.
-No?
Mm-mm.
I'm so nervous. babe.
You're the one
that's getting the Ultimatum here.
It's not just.
"Oh. I don't want to get married
because I have commitment issues."
That's not what's going on.
We have an issue
where we have to think about. you know.
our relationship
and that emotional connection.
-I don't know really how yet.
-I'd pay money to see you get emotional.
I would pay money for that.
You know I'm a results-driven person.
Everything for me is. in a sense.
a goal that is to be achieved.
-You're so practical.
-Yeah. it drives myself crazy.
I can't just give an emotion for it.
That's just the way my brain works.
-Red flag.
-Yeah.
Red flag. girls. run.
I'd say for me.
if I had to dig deep for a second.
the painful part for me
is to be going from.
"Hey. I'm 100% all about Hayley."
to then having to really start
to analyze the boxes that I have and say.
"Hey. does somebody
check all these boxes?"
It's almost like I've got a Porsche 911.
and it's a great car.
but what's it like to be in a.
you know. Ferrari or a Lamborghini?
Ugh.
But a car is only
as good as its engine. so…
-So practical. I can't even…
-You know? Yeah.
So what are you gonna do if a girl's like.
"Ooh. I want to get physical with you"?
Let her.
-Oh my gosh.
-I'm sorry.
-Slut.
-I'm joking.
But if something
naturally progresses there.
and there's some physicality.
I think that that's…
…I guess. something to be explored.
But I don't think that
that takes away from you and I.
just because we have both agreed
to go into this 100% with no strings.
I mean. I don't agree with that.
-Yeah.
-I can't control what you do.
Right.
But I'm not here for a hall pass
or whatever the hell. Like. no.
That makes me feel sick to my stomach.
That was not good.
I'm gonna get ready.
-Come here.
-I'm gonna go look good for another guy.
Let's get you ready.
Is this my life right now?
All sunshine. no clouds
Good vibes. good times. check
This is legendary
Le-Le-Legendary…
All these guys are hot.
-Hi. I think I'm with you.
-Hello. All right.
We got some trouble here.
-I'm a hugger. so I'll give you a hug.
-Okay. come on.
Killian's my ex now.
I gave him the Ultimatum.
I got to make him jealous.
This go way too hard
Might be the best we get so far…
Blake gave me the Ultimatum.
-How are you?
-Hello. again.
But what I need in a partner
is someone showing up for me every day.
validating me when it's needed.
just show me love in all different ways.
That's something
I've been asking from my ex.
Hype me up all the way to the stars
Feel so good. might dance on Mars…
Hi.
Let me stand up and give you a hug.
Yeah. I mean.
it's the least you could do at this point.
My ex tied this for me this morning
before we said goodbye.
I think he might have meant to choke me.
but we're here.
Le-le-legendary
-Hi.
-Hey. welcome to my humble abode.
It's been a minute since I've dated.
I don't even know anymore.
Do I still got game?
I'm a little nervous.
I used to play guitar.
I should probably pick it back up.
-You look like you'd play guitar. Yeah.
-Yeah.
Um… thanks.
I'll get into the groove.
It just takes a little momentum for me.
but I should be fine.
-Do you. like. burn easily?
-No. I'm Hispanic.
-So… Yeah.
-Are you? I wouldn't have guessed.
-What would you guess?
-I thought you were white.
-What?
-Yeah.
I mean. my dad's white.
-He has blonde hair and blue eyes. but…
-Okay. then I can see that now.
What about. uh…?
Is your mom Hispanic-Hispanic?
-Yeah.
-She makes probably good food.
All right. cool. What are you drinking?
A margarita.
Did he just say that?
-David. right?
-Yes. And…
-Hayley.
-That was rough. Oh my God.
-Was it?
I need another fucking margarita.
-Nice to meet you.
-You too.
-You look great.
-Thank you.
Absolutely. Wanna take a seat?
-That'd be great.
-Let's do it.
How long have you been together?
-A year and a half.
-Oh. fresh. Yeah. brand-new.
-Fresh! Yeah.
-And he's in love already.
-Yeah.
-I can see why. You are gorgeous.
-Thank you.
-You're welcome. You are very pretty.
-Tell me about you. Where are you from?
-I do sales in Austin.
-That's awesome.
-Mm-hm.
-I play professional basketball overseas.
-Oh. cool. Fun.
It's fun. I've been playing
for the past eight years.
-You kinda have an accent.
-A little bit. I guess. right?
-Are you Hispanic?
-Yes.
-Okay.
-My dad's side of the family. all Mexican.
My mom's white. yeah.
-My mom's side is Mexican. my dad's white.
-Okay. cool.
Yeah. my dad left when I was four.
so my grandma basically raised me.
Yeah. My mom and my dad divorced
and then remarried.
so I feel where you come from.
And you're giving…
No. Blake gave me the Ultimatum.
-Oh!
-So we're in the same boat.
You and Casey have been together for…
Five years.
But she's so beautiful.
-Yeah. she's very sweet.
-She's so sweet.
Blake. he doesn't know
how to be emotional.
He shows love with materialistic things.
Oh. okay. I understand.
-That's not me.
-Yeah.
You want to feel the love.
-I hear you. I get it.
We can go on a damn picnic
and get some food from Kroger.
That's how I am.
I'm happy to go get some fro-yo.
-Yes! Yes!
-Like a little night date.
-Little secret mission or something.
-Yeah. same.
-I literally come from nothing.
-Yeah.
-Literally nothing.
-Same.
Tell me a little bit about you
and. you know. David.
-The promise ring? That was hysterical.
-Oh. Yeah. I am wearing them too.
-Let me see.
-All three. I was like. "Okay. so…"
-Running out of real estate on my finger.
-Yeah?
He stopped giving them after that.
-I think he got the hint.
-Mm-hm.
-What's. like. holding you back?
-The fear of her leaving one day.
Because I have abandonment issues
with my family growing up. you know?
People coming in. promising everything.
looks great. then gone.
-I think marriage is forever.
-It is.
-One time. and that's it.
-Yes. exactly.
David. it was insane
how much we had in common.
-You cook?
-I love to cook.
My go-to is chicken. steak. shrimp.
-So you like seafood?
-Yeah.
-Casey hates seafood.
-No way.
-I've been deprived of it for five years.
-I love seafood.
He understood what I was talking about
whenever it was. like.
I needed the emotional side of things.
So nice talking to you.
We have much in common.
-It's crazy.
-I know. right? A lot.
I am excited to continue to talk to him
throughout dating week.
-What'd you get to drink?
-You already know what I got.
All right.
-Hello. Hi.
-What's up? How's it going?
-Hayley.
-Yeah. Nice to meet you.
-Nice to meet you.
This is so weird.
More weird because everyone's around.
-I'm pretending no one's here.
-I know. I keep trying not to…
I have bad vision anyway.
so I can't really see that far.
-Where'd you grow up?
-I grew up in El Paso.
-Went to college in Nacogdoches.
-Okay.
Where I met Blake.
-And then I moved to Austin.
-Oh. cool.
-So you're from Miami?
-No. I'm from France originally.
-What?
-Mm-hm.
-Yep. My whole family's French.
-That's really cool.
I know.
I lived in Charlotte most of my life.
And then I lived in an RV
for four to six months out of the year.
-Really?
-Yeah. for cheerleading.
-What?
-Yeah.
-That's awesome.
-Then I moved to Miami.
-Okay. that's where…
-Yep.
Remind me. her name.
-Ashley. Yeah.
-Ashley. Okay.
I know you had said that there was like
an interaction with her dad or something.
-Yeah.
-Tell me the reason why you aren't ready.
We moved to Houston from Miami
for her job. working for her dad.
And it's a lot for me to ask him.
to be honest. because he's a crazy guy.
So it took a lot for me to do that.
and then he said yes.
and then kind of took that back
when she decided.
"I just can't do it anymore.
working for my dad and living here."
He just basically thought
I was the one saying. "Let's go back."
Which it wasn't.
But I totally understand. You know.
I'm taking away his only daughter.
She's a four-hour flight away.
I get that. right?
So I'm trying to be understanding
where this frustration is coming from.
It's hard to get over now.
'cause once you and family
don't get along very well.
it's really hard to come back.
It's just a hard thing.
-Thanks for sharing.
-Yeah.
Killian is an attractive guy.
But on top of that.
to have such emotional intelligence
and not even be scared
to show those emotions.
that was great he was able to open up.
He is the complete opposite of Blake.
It's just like a breath of fresh air.
-It was nice talking to you.
-It was good talking to you.
-Hello.
-Hello. hi.
-How are you?
-I'm Ashley.
-Nice to meet you.
-I'm Blake. Nice to meet you.
I'm always a sucker for.
you know. tan skin.
I'm in my element. I love the sun.
I'm from Miami.
so I can't get enough of it.
I'm just so nice and bubbly.
I can't be mean.
The first thing people would see
would be my smile. I smile a lot.
Nice assets.
-What do you think of Vegas?
-I want to see. um… What are those called?
The little things that roll.
like. in the desert?
-Tumbleweed.
-A tumbleweed?
-Yeah.
-That's the weirdest thing.
-Just to check it off the…
-Yeah.
Yeah.
-Oh my gosh.
-Yeah.
-Miami. right?
-Miami.
-Yeah.
-Yeah. You're the other Texas boy.
Yeah. Other Texas guy.
I graduated from A&M. then I wanted
to get out of Texas for a bit.
-Like. "I'm Miami. thick and through."
-Yeah?
-What brought you back?
-Job offer.
Yeah. I love Miami.
Still go down there to vacation.
-Do you think you'd ever go back?
-Yeah. absolutely. That's the plan.
-What do you like about Miami?
-I love the ocean. the water. palm trees.
-You make it out to South Beach?
-Yeah. I want to have beach babies.
Like. I never had that growing up.
I want to show my kids what I never had.
-You're the one that gave the Ultimatum.
-Yeah.
-You're kind of like me.
-I don't want to just date to date.
-Yeah.
-I want to date to find my person.
-Especially in today's day and age.
In Miami. especially. there's some hoes.
Yeah.
What do you look for in a wife?
Obviously. I look
for someone that's beautiful.
Physical attraction is the first thing
you gotta check off the box.
And so after that. you kind of get into.
hey. are they intelligent?
Are they supportive?
Able to pick you up when you're down?
Family is important. I want to make sure
that. you know. good with kids.
You know. that type of stuff.
I'm looking for. like. someone
that's dependable. loyal. hardworking.
Someone you could just trust.
Blake made it so easy
to have a conversation with him.
I would say he's one of my top people.
He was really interested
in what I had to say.
He has a lot of the aspects
that I want in somebody.
-I had a lot of fun with you.
-You too. I'll see you again.
-How are you?
-I'm good.
-Nice to meet you. I'm Alex.
-Nice to meet you. Alex?
-What's your name?
-Killian. Nice to meet you.
Killian caught my eye.
Literally. all I pictured
was like. Ken Doll.
I'm ready. completely.
Like. okay. let's get married.
We've been together for six years.
I know that I'll be an amazing wife.
It's more just him that's.
like. not accepting who I am.
I'm a hairstylist. but he grew up
in a family of. like. you have to do this.
like. doctor or. like. software.
-From a nationality extent?
-Yeah.
So he's getting that
in the back of his head.
It definitely makes me feel sad
that Jebin's family
don't know who I truly am.
I was never able to go do
any of their family events
just because they weren't accepting.
I know I'm young. but…
-You know when you know.
-Yeah.
I used to always think.
"I'm gonna get married by 22. 23."
"I'm gonna have a kid by 25.
so I can play sports with them."
-If you know. you know.
-Yeah.
You did not issue the Ultimatum. right?
-No.
-Okay.
-Do you feel like you would be ready soon?
-I did ask her dad.
He said. yeah. at first.
Now he doesn't accept it.
So it's just put
a lot of thought on my mind.
I really relate to Alex's story
with Jebin's family
not accepting her fully.
Obviously. there's some type
of extra connection there.
Growing up. I was always the awkward kid.
I didn't know
where to sit at the lunch tables.
I've never been the type of guy
to go up to a girl.
That's just not me.
I don't feel like
I have that type of confidence.
Obviously. you gave the Ultimatum.
I just hope that he realizes.
like. there's no one else.
It's not that bad. I'm not. like…
I don't mean to laugh.
I'm not laughing at you.
That was just funny because that sounds
like such a thing to tell a guy.
-"It's not that bad to be with me."
-"It's not that bad."
"You really don't have it that bad.
It could be worse."
No. seriously.
I gotta look good.
you know what I'm saying?
Dude. What?
-That is funny.
-Hi.
-Hi. I'm Ashley. Nice to meet you.
-Jebin. Nice to meet you.
-Jebin.
-How's my shirt look?
You know. if I stand like this.
it looks really wide.
-How's it going?
-Good. How are you feeling?
-Good. I guess just different.
-Weird. right?
-Yeah. different. right?
-Because-- Wait.
-Did you give the Ultimatum?
-No. she gave the Ultimatum.
-You gave the Ultimatum?
-Yes.
-How long were you guys together?
-Four years.
-Four. Okay.
-How long were y'all?
-Uh. six.
-Oh. my gosh.
Yeah. it's been a long time.
-Is family super important to both of you?
-Yeah.
My parents aren't too accepting.
They just want me to be with an Indian.
-I know that sounds weird.
-Really?
I try to tell my parents like. eventually.
not everyone's gonna be Indian.
-My kids aren't gonna marry Indians.
-It's different nowadays.
-Yeah. exactly.
-I feel we relate on our parents.
-Yeah. for sure.
-Really into our… into our lives.
-They don't want… Yeah. exactly.
-No.
Meeting the first person
was a little nerve-wracking.
I haven't dated in a while.
I mean. I think I still got it.
You know. ladies love me.
I'm trying to cook for myself
through this trial marriage.
I've lived at home most of my life.
-I haven't cooked for myself.
-Can you cook at all? Or is that…
Yeah. No. I can cook.
Your mom just doesn't prep every meal?
"Honey. dinner's ready."
My mom actually does prep a lot of meals.
but just meats is my main thing.
And a lot of milk. I drink a lot of milk.
I drink a gallon of milk a day
because I'm trying to gain weight.
-Yeah. there you go.
-Yeah.
I was doing that. but I didn't know
I was lactose intolerant.
I was pissing out of my butthole.
It was so bad.
I covered all the bases.
Maybe there's more bases later. but..
Hit a home run right now.
Here we go
Everywhere I go. I bring the bling
I get what I want. what I want
Yeah. yeah
-Tell me about yourself.
-I'm from L.A.
I was a dancer my whole life.
Worked in fashion for five years.
-Now I'm a fitness coach. You?
-There you go.
-I work for the fam. Two years now.
-Cool.
-The motorhome business. It's fun.
-Interesting.
-Yeah. like…
-What is your. like. position?
Day-to-day operations. Anything from IT.
marketing. sales. whatever needs help.
I love figuring out
how a business operates.
-Yeah.
-And organizing it all.
-My type-A personality is loving.
-I'm the same way.
My OCD loves to get.
kind of. everything all set up.
Blessing and a curse.
I'm of the mindset
of put your twenties aside.
-Get everything established.
-Grind.
-Kind of grind. get everything set up.
-Yeah. Work now. play later.
Yeah.
What would you like
to get out of this. like. yourself?
-My ex issued me the Ultimatum.
-Okay.
Like. I felt loved in our relationship.
but I also think that
there's so much more to marriage.
-Right.
-I want to find somebody more driven.
-Mm-hm.
-And has that push to grow.
Funny you say that. My past relationship
is the. literally. inverse of yours.
For Hayley and I.
we've got everything put together.
-Yeah.
-But the emotional aspect. so…
-Okay.
-I can tell you're very type-A.
Are you willing
to let someone challenge you?
-Or are you…?
-Yeah. I want to.
-Yeah. I want to be challenged.
-Okay.
-Sounds like a good time. yeah?
-Yeah.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
You're freaking ripped. dude.
Oh. I do like to work out.
and pick shit up
and put it back down again.
She's the one
who issued you the Ultimatum. right?
Yeah. I don't know
if it's insecurity or what. but. like.
she's way too friendly
with the opposite sex.
I'm not trying to change her.
"If this is who you are.
let me know. so I can go my separate way."
-Uh-huh.
-I've told her it is a concern.
-And she just keeps doing it.
-Mm-hm.
I've forgiven her like six times.
On New Year's Day. I broke up with her.
Know what she said?
"You're not breaking up with me."
Like straight up.
I was like. "What the fuck?"
He doesn't like
when you talk to other men.
and he signed you up to talk to other men.
-Yes.
-That's a big test.
It's bananas.
Okay. so you are in the middle
of being a firefighter.
-Becoming…
-Trying to. yeah.
-So far…
-You want to fight fires in California.
-Hell yeah.
-That's crazy.
It's a very long process.
I have a bunch of applications out.
Listen. it's going to be on God's timing.
-Yes. ma'am.
-1.000%.
-I'm 35.
-Okay.
So that's also. like. coloring a lot of…
me needing to know where Edris is at.
If you're really quiet.
and there's no planes passing over.
and no freaking birds.
you can hear my biological clock ticking.
I leaned in. like…
Me and Luke were vibing.
He's also issued the Ultimatum.
So he's ready
in the same way that I'm ready.
There's a lot clicking there.
-Shug. talk to you real soon.
-Good to meet you.
-Pleasure is mine.
-Till next time.
So what's up? I get a hug?
-What was your name?
-David.
-And you're…
-Monica.
-Yes. How are you?
-I'm doing good. How are you?
-What's up? Where are you from?
-I'm from L.A.
SoCal girlie.
-SoCal?
-Yes.
-And so you're receiving or giving?
-I'm receiving the Ultimatum.
Oh. my. Me too.
-Your guy's talking to my girl right now.
-Is he?
You've probably been spying
the whole time.
No. I'm really trying
not to look over there.
-So. what do you do for a living?
-I'm a personal trainer.
-Okay.
-Started my own business.
-Nice.
-Yes.
Love training. love fitness.
love everything about it.
-Played basketball professionally.
-Okay.
-For the past eight years.
-Cool. You're a go-getter too.
Definitely. I'm a hard worker.
I wake up. I work out every day.
-It's that type of discipline.
-Mm-hm.
How old are you?
-I'm 33.
-33.
-You?
-28.
-28. my favorite number.
-Mm-hm. Really?
It means the number of wealth.
Wait. this is the year
I started my business.
-Does that mean that…?
-That might be it.
I think I'm manifesting wealth
in my business.
Yes! That's what I'm talking about.
You are. 100%.
-28 is a good year.
-28's my year.
28 is powerful.
Really what I'm looking for
in a marriage. long-term.
is I want to be a power couple.
Love that. that's awesome.
He's okay with living a comfortable life.
And I'm very driven.
I just want somebody
who matches my energy.
I own a business.
and I have my helicopter pilot license.
Tell me all about that.
That's sick. What's the business?
-It's a drug testing clinic.
-Oh. okay.
So David and I own it together.
-Interesting.
-Yes.
The helicopter thing was me
trying to find something hard to do.
kind of to prove to yourself
type of thing. you know?
That's sick. so second date.
we get one of those helicopters
that are flying around.
-You fly it.
-I'll fly it. yeah.
-There you go.
-I would do it. I trust you.
-Really?
-Yeah. why not?
Maybe it's 'cause I just broke up
with my ex that I'm saying that.
You're just like.
"You're ready. take me now."
I'm a very open person.
I like to talk things through.
-Are you not an emotional person?
-No. I'm like…
-It's hard for you to be vulnerable.
-I've always had to be the strong one.
Do you feel like
your needs haven't been met
when you're open
and when you're vulnerable?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
So. what do you need
from a partner to feel?
I don't know. just to be heard
maybe a little bit sometimes.
-You want that. to be acknowledged.
-Yeah. be acknowledged. That's it. Yeah.
I just wanna see your face
Looking at me…
Everybody deserves
to have that safe space.
It's really important
to choosing a partner forever.
You wanna be able to be open
and communicate with them.
Definitely. Love that. Awesome.
Got a really bad funny feeling
Like I'm gonna lose control…
I'm Not gonna lie.
it's been fun to be single
and explore different connections.
I did meet some people today
that have the qualities
that I was lacking from my ex.
Ambition. that drive.
Most intrigued by David and Blake.
I'm so excited to explore
my connections with them a little more.
-You drinking red wine? How mature of you.
-Yes.
Thank you. So classy. Pinky up.
-It's a very classy drink.
-I know.
When you wanna just do what you do
Use what you got
Put it in the spotlight
-It's all about you
-All about you…
Hey. everybody.
-Hi!
-Hi.
Okay. all black.
-I know. right?
-Oh my God.
-This is our boy band.
-Everyone's looking good.
Mm-hm.
-This is not awkward at all.
-Got the cheetah out.
Nobody gonna tell you when to quit…
Going into this. naturally.
I'm going towards the guys
that gave the Ultimatum.
Because I'm also issuing the Ultimatum.
Blake is driven
and successful and six foot.
and then Luke is a handsome guy.
Honestly. on the guys' side.
I think this is like
the most attractive season.
It's all about
It's all about you. you
-All about
-It's all about you
-You look good.
-How you doing. babe?
You're the only one
that's not gonna hug me here?
I'm feeling anxious.
Everyone else's ex
comes and gives them a hug.
And then Blake was just standing there.
He gave me an Ultimatum.
And what I'm seeing here.
it just shows what I've been
talking about the whole time.
The only reason why I'm not saying yes
is because there's no emotional support.
Honestly. to the girls.
how could you not want to be with me?
You know what I'm saying?
This whole experience has been easy for me
because that's like my mindset. you know?
Because I told you.
I'm trying to gain weight here.
So it's really coming down
to JG and Monica.
-This dude's so funny.
-You know…
JG's swole as hell. you know?
Monica. PT. bro. You know.
I really only have two options.
And. like.
my whole thing here is. bro. like.
I'm just gonna spend most
of my Trial Marriage sleeping and then.
like. just. like. yeah. cooking.
No. no cap. bro. Just yeah.
I still live at home. My whole life.
I've had my mom take care of me.
So my mom. she. like. wakes up
at 4:00 in the morning to go to work.
She comes home. and she gets to cooking.
After dinner.
there's always a post dinner.
There's always food in the fridge.
So my wife has to be.
like. my new mom. I would say. like.
-Yeah.
-All right.
Boys. Enough of the boys' time.
I'm gonna get some girl time.
-Go get you some. man.
-All right. my man.
I'm done listening to Jebin
talk about food.
What are your tattoos?
-This is Greek mythology I got in Spain.
-Mm-hm.
And Bali. I got the arrow and the rose.
-My favorite flower is a rose.
-Okay.
-I love red roses. just love the flower.
-Love red?
Yeah. love red. You look great.
Let's say. you know. they push
a connection towards a Trial Marriage.
Do you have any concern?
-There's always gonna be that worry.
-Of course. That's human nature.
Exactly.
Like. David's probably the one person
I see sitting with Monica.
And he's her type. He's huge. He's tall.
He's got great teeth. I was like. "Okay…"
-I know. his teeth are amazing.
-I'm like. "Here's Monica. You want her?"
Oh. yeah.
-Do you feel threatened by him?
-Abso-frickin-lutely.
-Sorry.
-Why are you giggly?
You're funny. dude.
-It's really easy talking to you.
-Yeah.
I feel like you hear me.
I feel like you listen.
Yeah. which is something
that I want to help you with too.
I want you to feel
like you can be vulnerable.
Like you can share your feelings.
You can have that space
to open up emotionally.
Like. you deserve to. like.
feel like your emotions matter.
-I appreciate that. honestly.
-Yeah.
That's something new to me.
That's what draws me to you.
-Good. You can feel that?
-Yeah.
Okay.
-I'd be lying if I said you weren't…
-Tell me the truth.
My top.
You and me. we're making it last…
You make me feel the most comfortable.
I could see us also
challenging each other in a lot of ways
that our past relationships
didn't challenge us.
-Uh-huh.
-Which is nice too.
-Definitely.
-Yeah.
I've never felt so free
So done with the past…
I love everything about you. for sure.
Yeah. I think if we were--
It makes me nervous. though.
You're too cute.
We're gonna make it last
I'm freezing.
I'm sorry. I think I need something.
Like. I feel like I can't talk.
I could try to see what's up.
-I don't know if--
-Could someone bring me a jacket?
Alex is cute. She's a full woman. Figured.
Full-figured woman.
I think when people see me.
I think they initially think I'm stoned.
Um…
Yeah. slay. Slay the day away.
-You got it?
-Yeah.
Oh.
Hayley is not happy.
Look at that body language over there.
No. for sure.
Yeah. no. She's definitely upset.
Wait. Alex got a blanket.
I thought she had a fur coat
or something on.
I feel like. because of the trust issues.
all this is one big test for me.
-And so I can't…
-I know…
-It feels like I have to have my guard up.
-I got you. I cheat--
I didn't screw anyone.
but I cheated on Ashley.
Like…
And. like.
that's always lingered. you know?
How did you and Ashley work through that?
Um…
Zero. zero. zero. zero.
Four times on my phone.
-She knows it.
-Yeah.
-It takes months.
I'm still dealing with it now.
Killian kind of surprised me.
When you are trying
to make something right
and trying to fix something
that is an obvious source of hurt
for someone that you love
and care about. it takes time.
And so. I have to give my ex grace
and patience in making that decision.
But it's like. if you don't want me.
you don't have to tell me twice.
Now I'm feeling
what I've made him feel. apparently.
But this is so different.
How you feeling? You look good.
-Thank you.
-Yeah.
-You look good too.
-Thank you.
-Love it. I know.
-The boys. we showed up. ready to roll.
I know. I love it.
-I like your hair a lot. You got…
-Thank you.
-Do you have extensions? They look good.
-Mm-hm. Thank you.
Do you feel like there's certain people
that you're jiving with more than others?
Yeah. I'd say for sure. I pretty much
cut it down to you and. you know. Ashley.
-That's going to be my top two.
-Your top picks.
-We're similar in a lot of ways.
-For sure.
-Which is so random because that's--
-Yeah.
You two are totally opposite
than my ex. that I came here with.
-If you were to look at my history…
-That's also why we're here.
-Exactly.
-Yeah.
-Try new things. see different routes.
-Yeah. Mm-hm.
-Do you have like a typical type. or…?
-Yeah.
I mean.
my ex is definitely my typical type.
I think you look a little bit like my ex.
so I think I would say
you're probably my typical type.
-What's up. Alex?
-Hey.
-What's up? I've been good.
-How you feeling?
Um…
You remind me of someone I know so much.
-You have a dog?
-I have a dog.
-It's a Yorkie and a Maltese.
-Oh. I love Yorkies.
-So they're baby. Do you?
-I have two Pomeranians.
-Oh. really? Oh my God!
-Mm-hm. A white one and a Merle one.
-Aw.
-I like little dogs for some reason.
-I love little dogs too.
-They're like teddy bears.
Would you ever have a big dog or no?
-Not a big furry dog.
-Mm-hm.
I hate shedding.
-I'm not OCD. but I like clean spots.
-Me too.
So for. like. the Trial Marriage.
who are you thinking?
I don't really know. to be honest.
-Like. should we be together?
-We could.
-Okay.
-Why? Are you stressing?
-Yeah.
-Are you?
Killian is very much like me.
He's very stable. He's mature.
Being with my ex. Jebin. for six years.
I'm just realizing a lot of things
that I haven't noticed in the past.
Like. he's got to grow up.
and that's pretty much it.
How are you doing?
I'm chilling. It's vacation.
-It's not vacation to me.
-You having a good time though?
-Something's… happening.
-What?
I think I'm falling for someone.
Stop it. Why would you say that?
-You're falling for someone?
-Mm-hm.
Killian. I'm probably going
to match with Killian.
I feel like you've said
a whole bunch of dumb stuff to me.
The things you say.
you don't think before you say it.
Bro. you're telling me.
Think about the things you be saying.
I'm not saying nothing crazy.
I rented this out for you.
so you can relax.
Today might be a little emotional.
-A little tough right now.
-Yeah.
-You get me.
-I get you. girl. I get you.
-On a whole 'nother level.
-I get you on a whole 'nother level.
I get it. You know what I mean?
I can tell you have a big heart.
Me too though.
I have the same type of love
and type of big heart.
-I wanna fight for the people I love.
-Me too.
End of the day. I'm gonna fight.
I'm going down swinging.
-You know? Yeah.
-Me too. Me too.
-Wait. let's cheers and take a drink.
-Let's do it.
Salut.
-You wanna know something funny?
-Yeah.
When I'm. like. wanting a treat.
but I don't want to drink alcohol.
I'll put BCAAs in a wine glass.
-Really?
-Like. swear to God.
I'll mix it up and put it in a wine glass.
And I'm like. "Woo. my treat."
Yeah. but like. your job.
you said you do your family business
of the RVs. right?
We have three.
and a real estate holding group.
-It's all commercial. Marketing. IT.
-We kinda have the same background.
-You're in it with you and your dad.
-Yeah. Mm-hm. Yeah.
-Like. run the business.
-Yeah.
That's why we kind of relate.
-Is 'cause I tried to do that with my dad.
-Yeah.
I could've. like.
made a lifetime career out of that.
And I've learned from that.
that. like. happiness
is a lot more important than money.
-I don't know if I told you. my dad's…
-No. what does he do?
-He owns a testosterone company.
-A testosterone company?
Yeah. one of the largest in the country
of physical. like. brick-and-mortars.
-Okay.
-That's what I was working for in Texas.
He was trying to. like.
train me to take his job.
but. like. it just wasn't the vibe.
You think you'd ever combine it
with a med spa type thing?
Maybe. I know they've tried that.
I mean. he does my Botox.
That's funny you say that.
I literally just got my first thing of…
-I didn't do Botox.
-Dysport?
That's cool. I like this.
-I knew you kept up with yourself.
-Gotta do it. Yeah.
Blake is kind. He gives compliments.
He makes me feel good about myself.
which I wasn't expecting.
You're in the same situation I am of.
like. giving the Ultimatum.
-Yeah.
-Like. it's comforting.
I love Killian. but there is a possibility
somebody could be a better fit for me.
I feel we're on the same page.
Everyone's ex came and hugged their ex.
Yeah. and I saw that.
Maybe he's doing it
without knowing. you know?
-It's hard.
-Yeah. but it's. like. not fair to me.
-Yes.
-You know. it's like…
Like. how does it not click?
How much do I have to cry
for you to fucking understand?
Yeah. I understand
where you're coming from.
You know. you want that validation.
You want that comfort.
You want that "I have your back" feeling.
I know. and look what he's doing.
I can go tell him. "Talk to your girl."
-Okay. yeah.
-All right.
What's up. man?
Let me switch you real quick.
-With Hayley?
-Yeah.
Hello.
I just want to let you know
you're beyond disrespectful.
Do you think it's okay
that everyone's ex hugs them.
and you're the only one
that didn't hug me?
My anxiety is through the roof.
and you're laughing your ass off?
Talking to Ashley. and I'm sitting there
shaking like a fucking chihuahua.
You don't think
that's gonna make me feel a certain way?
Yeah.
Okay. can I--
-I'm talking.
-Okay.
What makes you think that that is okay?
-Is it okay if I touch you right now?
-No.
What's this feeling waking up?
Something's stirring in my blood…
I love you with all my heart.
I'm sorry. That was not my intention.
I thought that you were rock solid
on our last night together
going into this.
and then whenever I've seen you.
you've smiled at me. blown me kisses.
so I'm thinking in my head
that you're totally good.
You think I'm okay
watching you flirt with people?
If you have not one sense of jealousy.
then you don't love me.
You don't fucking care.
-Yes. I do care.
-No. you don't.
Your words say one thing.
but your actions say something else.
You don't understand the anger I feel
whenever you make me feel this way.
I express this to you all the time.
All the time.
"Validate me."
"Be there for me. Comfort me."
And in the littlest moment--
I did not know
that you wanted that from me.
Oh my God.
I thought that going into it.
she and I were on the same page.
Now I'm definitely thrown off.
I'm the one giving her the Ultimatum.
Hayley and I are now broken up.
and now I've got to detach.
Baby. I'm sorry.
I've had two good connections with.
you know. Ashley and Monica.
Those are people that I could see myself
having a Trial Marriage with.
Maybe Hayley isn't 100% the one for me.
I can't. I can't. I can't.
It's beyond me.
Can't take my eyes off it
It's scary. but it's tame
It's beauty. and it's pain
But I can't get enough of it
Oh. oh. oh
I'm never running
I'm never hiding
I'll never be a prisoner
I won't stop fighting
I'm never quitting
I'm never caving
No. I'll never be a prisoner
In your control
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm